g'day it's david here from in o'clock
systems again just with a slightly more
musical example of the new sink gen 2 LS
that we're about to release as you can
see I've just started ableton live this
time I've got some audio tracks that I
previously recorded I've kept it fairly
lean so you can hear what's going on in
the modular and the gated vocoder pad is
basically all it's playing in that open
metallic hat as you can see there
there's the sink in 2ls module that's
some firing all the rhythmic triggers in
time with Ableton and as you can see
there there's a slightly more expanded
patch using some beautiful tip-top 808
modules kick snare and hat sitting right
in there and also the tip-top z eight
thousand which is doing filtering over
some synth parts some swam and vc e GS
and also some complex transient
generators for some envelopes and also
some analogic say CS 16 step voltage
sequences and i'm just going to pan back
over to the mixer and analog mixer and
i'm just going to fade up the synth part
again so this is being triggered by the
sink tent two LS module driving the 16
step sequences and in turn driving the
vc e GS and the vca as you can hear
there that's the sixteenth part bubbling
away over the filter is the Z 8000 in
stereo two sides over two filters again
being clocked by the
sink into LS as you here now I'm just
fading up the four on the floor tip-top
808 kick drum that's spin triggered
directly from the sink into LS modules
in quarters and as you know fighting up
some of the tip-top 808 hats again being
driven directly from the open house
being driven directly from the sink into
LS module orders inverted so you get the
off hat six things are being driven by
the step sequences and I'm just bringing
up the snare there and just balancing
bring up a little bit more the sea level
any help kick a little bit more so you
can hear that again you can hear this is
all the external analog triggered
modules being synchronize perfectly with
whatever host or Ableton do Bass Pro
Tools doesn't matter I've there's no
there's no latency there's no offset
that's just absolutely straight there's
no swing of course you can swing the
plugin which means its wings all the
trigger outputs in the perfect time with
the Ableton grid does the same thing for
me the dancing too well just
hanging back there showing you the
seconds is running in time obviously you
can use the outputs from the sink in two
LS in any way you want that only five
sequences they can fight envelope
generators direct sim for BCA's on their
own and there's we're just handing back
to the sick generative
all post more videos soon thanks for
watching again